The data pipeline consists of a Google maps module, an Image extraction module and a Dataset preparation module. They have been presented below.\\

The first module will be a browser-based google maps module that will have two instances of Google Maps open on the same screen. This will be done by calling Google APIs on a browser window. One instance of maps will display the satellite image of a predetermined area, and the other instance of the map will be programmed to show the roads and buildings of the same location. From experimentation with a preliminary prototype, we found that segmenting all buildings into a single color channel was not possible using Google APIs. However, it is possible to configure the map such that they can be extracting via thresholding RGB values (Please see Data preparation module for more details). These maps will be configured to follow a predetermined straight line path through a selected area. Both these maps will run simultaneously giving the satellite imagery and labelled roads/buildings view side by side.\\

The image extraction module would be a simple Python command line program with the capability of taking screenshots or window captures of the Google maps module. These images would be taken at regular intervals based on the the panning speed of the google maps module; which in turn would be only be limited by the rate at which we are able to stream data via the maps API. This module would perform basic image splitting and cropping and provide two raw images per screenshot (One for the satellite imagery and one for the road/buildings view). The image extraction and google maps modules would run simultaneously to provide this raw data set.\\

The data set preparation module will be run after a significant amount of raw data has been collected. In this module, the raw pairs of images generated from the previous step will be processed here as follows. The 'road/buildings views' image will be threshold against various sets of values to extract the data of roads and buildings. The final format will be a greyscale image where pixels containing roads and buildings will be encoded as two discrete intensity values. The image and label would then undergo a process of data augmentation where the images are rotated, flipped etc. which will further increase the data size. \\

While most of the discussion about Data Extraction is subject to minor changes, we have built a working prototype of the Google maps and data extraction module. We have also tested the feasibility of extracting labelled data via applying RGB threshold the outputs from these modules and were able to produce labelled data reliably.